weapon_vomitjar                     models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_bile_flask.mdl
weapon_defibrillator                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_defibrillator.mdl
weapon_adrenaline                   models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_adrenaline.mdl
weapon_upgradepack_explosive        models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_explosive_ammopack.mdl
weapon_rifle_m60_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_m60.mdl
weapon_defibrillator_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_defibrillator.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit                models/v_models/v_medkit.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_dual_pistolA.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_dual_pistolA.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_dual_pistolA.mdl
weapon_smg_silenced                 models/v_models/v_silenced_smg.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_pistolA.mdl
weapon_molotov_spawn                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_molotov.mdl
weapon_autoshotgun                  models/v_models/v_autoshotgun.mdl
weapon_autoshotgun                  models/v_models/v_autoshotgun.mdl
weapon_hunting_rifle                models/v_models/v_huntingrifle.mdl
weapon_adrenaline_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_adrenaline.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_adrenaline_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_adrenaline.mdl
weapon_adrenaline_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_adrenaline.mdl
weapon_molotov_spawn                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_molotov.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_shotgun_spas.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_rifle_ak47.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_sniper_mini14.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_pistol_B.mdl
weapon_ammo_spawn                   models/props/terror/ammo_stack.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_shotgun.mdl
weapon_shotgun_spas_spawn           models/w_models/weapons/w_shotgun_spas.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_machete.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_fireaxe.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_frying_pan.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_frying_pan.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_shovel.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_pitchfork.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_shovel.mdl
weapon_pistol_magnum_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_desert_eagle.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_shovel.mdl
weapon_rifle_m60_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_m60.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_pitchfork.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_desert_eagle.mdl
weapon_shotgun_chrome_spawn         models/w_models/weapons/w_pumpshotgun_A.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_frying_pan.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_fireaxe.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_pistol_spawn                 models/w_models/weapons/w_pistol_B.mdl
weapon_ammo_spawn                   models/props_unique/spawn_apartment/coffeeammo.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_autoshot_m4super.mdl
weapon_rifle_spawn                  models/w_models/weapons/w_rifle_m16a2.mdl
weapon_autoshotgun_spawn            models/w_models/weapons/w_autoshot_m4super.mdl
weapon_hunting_rifle_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_sniper_mini14.mdl
weapon_vomitjar_spawn               models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_bile_flask.mdl
weapon_molotov_spawn                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_molotov.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_vomitjar_spawn               models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_bile_flask.mdl
