weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_bat.mdl
weapon_ammo_spawn                   models/props/terror/ammo_stack.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_frying_pan.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_desert_rifle.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_autoshot_m4super.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_adrenaline_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_adrenaline.mdl
weapon_molotov_spawn                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_molotov.mdl
weapon_adrenaline_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_adrenaline.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_defibrillator_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_defibrillator.mdl
weapon_defibrillator_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_defibrillator.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_molotov_spawn                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_molotov.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_adrenaline_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_adrenaline.mdl
weapon_molotov_spawn                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_molotov.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_pistolA.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_adrenaline_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_adrenaline.mdl
weapon_molotov_spawn                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_molotov.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_pistolA.mdl
weapon_vomitjar_spawn               models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_bile_flask.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_pistolA.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_pistolA.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_vomitjar_spawn               models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_bile_flask.mdl
weapon_molotov_spawn                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_molotov.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_vomitjar_spawn               models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_bile_flask.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_frying_pan.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_electric_guitar.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_bat.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/w_models/weapons/w_knife_t.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_bat.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_frying_pan.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_frying_pan.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_shovel.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/w_models/weapons/w_knife_t.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_machete.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_smg_uzi.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_shotgun.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_smg_uzi.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_smg_a.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_shotgun.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_autoshot_m4super.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_desert_rifle.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_sniper_mini14.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_sniper_mini14.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_shotgun_spas.mdl
weapon_ammo_spawn                   models/props/terror/ammo_stack.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_machete.mdl
weapon_ammo_spawn                   models/props/terror/ammo_stack.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit                models/v_models/v_medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_pumpshotgun                  models/v_models/v_pumpshotgun.mdl
weapon_pumpshotgun                  models/v_models/v_pumpshotgun.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit                models/v_models/v_medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit                models/v_models/v_medkit.mdl
weapon_smg                          models/v_models/v_smg.mdl
