weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_pistolA.mdl
weapon_upgradepack_incendiary_spawn  models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_incendiary_ammopack.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_defibrillator_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_defibrillator.mdl
weapon_defibrillator_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_defibrillator.mdl
weapon_defibrillator_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_defibrillator.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit                models/v_models/v_medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit                models/v_models/v_medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit                models/v_models/v_medkit.mdl
weapon_molotov_spawn                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_molotov.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_adrenaline_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_adrenaline.mdl
weapon_vomitjar_spawn               models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_bile_flask.mdl
weapon_vomitjar_spawn               models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_bile_flask.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_chainsaw_spawn               models/weapons/melee/w_chainsaw.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_smg_uzi.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_shotgun.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_katana.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_golfclub.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_shotgun_spas.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_autoshot_m4super.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_pistol_B.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_desert_rifle.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_sniper_military.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_sniper_scout.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_desert_rifle.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_pistolA.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_pistol_B.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_golfclub.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_shovel.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_dual_pistolA.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_dual_pistolA.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_dual_pistolA.mdl
weapon_tank_claw                    models/v_models/weapons/v_claw_hulk.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_shotgun.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_pistol_magnum_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_desert_eagle.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_smg_uzi.mdl
weapon_ammo_spawn                   models/props/terror/ammo_stack.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_shovel.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_katana.mdl
