weapon_upgradepack_incendiary_spawn  models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_incendiary_ammopack.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_pistolA.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_ammo_spawn                   models/props/terror/ammo_stack.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_pistolA.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit                models/v_models/v_medkit.mdl
weapon_molotov_spawn                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_molotov.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/w_models/weapons/w_pistol_A.mdl
weapon_pistol                       models/v_models/v_pistolA.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_pistol_magnum                models/v_models/v_desert_eagle.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_rifle_ak47                   models/v_models/v_rifle_AK47.mdl
weapon_autoshotgun                  models/v_models/v_autoshotgun.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit                models/v_models/v_medkit.mdl
weapon_hunting_rifle                models/v_models/v_huntingrifle.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit                models/v_models/v_medkit.mdl
weapon_molotov_spawn                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_molotov.mdl
weapon_molotov_spawn                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_molotov.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_first_aid_kit_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_Medkit.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_molotov_spawn                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_molotov.mdl
weapon_adrenaline_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_adrenaline.mdl
weapon_pistol_spawn                 models/w_models/weapons/w_pistol_B.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_pipe_bomb_spawn              models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_pipebomb.mdl
weapon_pain_pills_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_painpills.mdl
weapon_adrenaline_spawn             models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_adrenaline.mdl
weapon_molotov_spawn                models/w_models/weapons/w_eq_molotov.mdl
weapon_pistol_spawn                 models/w_models/weapons/w_pistol_B.mdl
weapon_pistol_spawn                 models/w_models/weapons/w_pistol_B.mdl
weapon_pistol_spawn                 models/w_models/weapons/w_pistol_B.mdl
weapon_pistol_spawn                 models/w_models/weapons/w_pistol_B.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_shotgun_spas.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_rifle_sg552.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_autoshot_m4super.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_rifle_ak47.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_desert_rifle.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_autoshot_m4super.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_shotgun_spas.mdl
weapon_pistol_magnum_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_desert_eagle.mdl
weapon_pistol_magnum_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_desert_eagle.mdl
weapon_pistol_magnum_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_desert_eagle.mdl
weapon_pistol_magnum_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_desert_eagle.mdl
weapon_pistol_magnum_spawn          models/w_models/weapons/w_desert_eagle.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_tonfa.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_katana.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_crowbar.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_shovel.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_bat.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/w_models/weapons/w_knife_t.mdl
weapon_melee_spawn                  models/weapons/melee/w_crowbar.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_rifle_ak47.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_autoshot_m4super.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_sniper_mini14.mdl
weapon_ammo_spawn                   models/props/terror/ammo_stack.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_rifle_ak47.mdl
weapon_ammo_spawn                   models/props/terror/ammo_stack.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_autoshot_m4super.mdl
weapon_spawn                        models/w_models/weapons/w_sniper_mini14.mdl
weapon_chainsaw_spawn               models/weapons/melee/w_chainsaw.mdl
